README.md, before:

# These are the...

These are the github bots you've been looking for.

This repo is meant to be by and for github users. (Yes, that includes you, my dear bots...overloards?)

# By popularity

TBD https://github.com/these-are-the/github-bots-youre-looking-for/issues/2

# Alphabetic list (excluding "archived" ones)

- bors-ng - https://bors.tech/ (RIP +homu https://bors.tech/homu-io/)
- code-review-bot https://github.com/google/code-review-bot
- derek - https://github.com/alexellis/derek/
- dreck - https://github.com/miekg/dreck a derek fork made for Caddy
- probot bots
  - SDK: https://github.com/probot/probot
  - implemented bots: https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots#implemented-bots
  - maybe also probot? https://github.com/apps/project-bot

# By feature

For github features there's https://github.com/marketplace which at least shows some ideas.

And now also this wiki page: https://github.com/these-are-the/github-bots-youre-looking-for/wiki/Known-bot-feats

- TBD

# Archived

- +homu https://bors.tech/homu-io/

# Similar projects or listings

- https://github.com/mairieli/awesome-se-bots#bots (GPL v.3. Hm.)

# Bots in the wild (not focused on github)

_HI! I'M ELIZA. WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?_

- https://github.com/invocable/awesome-bots
- https://awesomeopensource.com/project/abdelhai/awesome-bots
- A special mention: https://github.com/hubotio

## Agents

There is no such agent-cy. Or is that a bot, in disguise?
- https://github.com/huginn/huginn - Your agents are standing by.

### Bots vs agents?

See, in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huginn/huginn/master/doc/imgs/diagram.png you see that agents can DO a lot of things, but preferably, one agent is very good at a single task. Or you send a bunch, and hope one gets it right and none of them breaks ~cover~ the software environment. So... maybe keep any agents (and [bots](https://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a20808/ibm-tape-swapping-robot/)) out of your backup solution, for now? _I CAN'T LET YOU DO THAT, DAVE_

And a frindly wave to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASIMO

Commit message:

CAN YOU TELL ME MORE ABOUT WHAT YOU FEEL ABOUT THIS?
the motivation (for using more than 50 chars in the commit title) is too long to fit in this space

README.md, after:

# These are the...

These are the github bots you've been looking for.

This repo is meant to be by and for github users. (Yes, that includes you, my dear bots...overloards?)

# By popularity

TBD https://github.com/these-are-the/github-bots-youre-looking-for/issues/2

# Alphabetic list (excluding "archived" ones)

- bors-ng - https://bors.tech/ (RIP +homu https://bors.tech/homu-io/)
- code-review-bot https://github.com/google/code-review-bot
- derek - https://github.com/alexellis/derek/
- dreck - https://github.com/miekg/dreck a derek fork made for Caddy
- probot bots
  - SDK: https://github.com/probot/probot
  - implemented bots: https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots#implemented-bots
  - maybe also probot? https://github.com/apps/project-bot

# By feature

For github features there's https://github.com/marketplace which at least shows some ideas.

And now also this wiki page: https://github.com/these-are-the/github-bots-youre-looking-for/wiki/Known-bot-feats

- TBD

# Archived

- +homu https://bors.tech/homu-io/

# Similar projects or listings

- https://github.com/mairieli/awesome-se-bots#bots (GPL v.3. Hm.)

# Bots in the wild (not focused on github)

_HI! I'M ELIZA. WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?_

- https://github.com/invocable/awesome-bots
- https://awesomeopensource.com/project/abdelhai/awesome-bots
- A special mention: https://github.com/hubotio

## Agents

There is no such agent-cy. Or is that a bot, in disguise?
- https://github.com/huginn/huginn - Your agents are standing by.

### Bots vs agents?

See, in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huginn/huginn/master/doc/imgs/diagram.png you see that agents can DO a lot of things, but preferably, one agent is very good at a single task. Or you send a bunch, and hope one gets it right and none of them breaks ~cover~ the software environment. So... maybe keep any agents (and [bots](https://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a20808/ibm-tape-swapping-robot/)) out of your backup solution, for now? _I CAN'T LET YOU DO THAT, DAVE_

*Where does the bot begin and end, relative to its context?* Classically, bot would come from robot, whihc had some means of performing some limited actions (motion) as an effect of some [stimuli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stimulus).

### github bots

But let's ass-u-me that we can all agree that github bots are being (likely non-corporal) beings that can communiacte and perform some github-related actions. If they don't do anything github related, then they are not the bots you (or at least this page) is looking for.

## Physical bots

And a frindly wave to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASIMO
